## General  
1 [ ] Does the code comply with the language and framework conventions? 

## Commenting  
1 Has the comment been updated with the latest code? 
2 Is the comment clear and correct with the code? 
3 Did the comment describe why and how the code works? 
4 Exceptions, errors around have been commented yet? 
5 Has each operation and feature cluster been commented yet? 
6 Have related events and features been commented yet? 
7 Is there a comment on each class title? 

## Source code  
1 Does the name of the method / function make sense and describe what it will do? 
2 Are the params used already described? 
3 Are normal and exception streams clearly separated? 
4 When a logic thread is too long, has the action split into smaller methods? 
5 When the logic flow is too long, is it possible to reduce the conditional syntaxes like if-else, while, etc? 
6 Have you minimized nested loops? 
7 "Is the given variable name meaningful and easy to understand?

8 Is the code easy to understand and straight to the point? 
9 With the complex code, are there explanations and comments to avoid confusion when maintaining? 
10 Have you used Tab with Space logically according to the structure? 
11 Is there only 1 command per line? Do not put multiple commands in 1 line, because it will be difficult to read and maintain later. 
14 Is the variable name different from the class name?

15 Is the function / method name set according to the general rules? For example, camelCase, is a verb. 
16 Is the global function's name different from the local function? 
19 Are names for folders and libraries defined in the document? 
20 Did the name and type of the folder match the required framework? For example, folder ./src to contain source code. 
21 Are 3rd party libraries used? If yes, then: 
22 Has the customer approved this listing? 
23 Is the license for the libraries to use appropriate and approved? 
24 Is there a line of code that is not being used? 
